hey everyone I ryx guy here and that
Sean Connery enjoying his window seat
Sean coonery what are you checking out
out there yeah what kind of bird was it
huh you don't know so you can see Sean
Connery is very involved with the art of
bird watching yeah so you saw a
Mockingbird up yeah did you see any
ducks out there huh you see any ducks
now yeah that's right we don't have
ducks cuz we don't have a lake but would
you like to see ducks ya know would you
go out there and swim with the Ducks No
yep so you can see Sean coonery is super
intelligent he's contemplating working
out he's like you know I'd like to work
out but I don't know if I want to lose
weight cuz my size is what makes me
popular yeah and that right uh-huh so
with that being said I know shun-kun
Ruiz got a busy day he's got to get back
to his to his bird watching he said he's
going to sit here for a belly rub
momentarily he said I will get my belly
rub and then i will continue my bird
watching task so there you have it if
you haven't subscribed already it's
youtube.com forward slash Irish guy I
encourage you to do so and check out all
my existing videos and all the future
Sean coonery videos on cooter he's
becoming quite a quite an internet
sensation he's he's already managed to
help bring in over for the Irish guy
adventure channel over 2 million views
at the time of posting this right around
two million views so it's quite an
impressive tech
eat for a cat with these furry feet get
that foot fur furry feet anyway thanks
for watching y'all have a perfect day